README.md, before:

# Burrito Translate Microsoft Word Add-in

`Just translate your book and I land you a hand.`

This add-in helps literary translators by extending Word with glossary functionality. This way the translator can save previously translated words, phrases and insert it easily into a later part of the document.
The following functionalities are available:

* Create glossary with defined source and target language
* The following languages are supported as source/target: English, Hungarian, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Italian
* Add word to the glossary: original word, translation, note
* Glossary items are directly saved into Word document and automatically loaded on opening add-in
* By clicking on a word in glossary it is inserted into the document right at the cursor position

## Run and debug

This project generated by the [Yo Office generator](https://github.com/OfficeDev/generator-office). 

### Run

1. Open terminal
2. Navigate to the project folder
3. Run `npm start desktop`

It is automatically load the backend and launch a new instance of Microsoft Word.

### Debugging

Add-in can be debugged by the following techniques:

- [Use a browser's developer tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-in-office-online)
- [Attach a debugger from the task pane](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane)
- [Use F12 developer tools on Windows 10](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-f12-developer-tools-on-windows-10)

Commit message:

Docs/update readme (#9)
* chore: npm install

* chore: update launch.json and remove unused tasks

* docs: Not running dev-server issue added to readme

* chore: office-addin scripts updated

Co-authored-by: molnar-atesz <molnar45@hotmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Burrito Translate Microsoft Word Add-in

`Just translate your book and I land you a hand.`

This add-in helps literary translators by extending Word with glossary functionality. This way the translator can save previously translated words, phrases and insert it easily into a later part of the document.
The following functionalities are available:

* Create glossary with defined source and target language
* The following languages are supported as source/target: English, Hungarian, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Italian
* Add word to the glossary: original word, translation, note
* Glossary items are directly saved into Word document and automatically loaded on opening add-in
* By clicking on a word in glossary it is inserted into the document right at the cursor position

## Run and debug

This project generated by the [Yo Office generator](https://github.com/OfficeDev/generator-office).

## Before first run

1. Install npm packages
2. Make sure your dev certs are registered.
   > Easiest way to check is run the deve-server: `npm run dev-server` and confirm appearing dialog window.

### Run

1. Open terminal
2. Navigate to the project folder
3. Run `npm start desktop`

It is automatically load the backend and launch a new instance of Microsoft Word.

> There is a chance that the script not launch the dev server automatically. Your Office simply won't show the add-in. Dont worry!
>
> In such case you should run the dev server manually: `npm run dev-server`
>
> After this just re-run the debugger from VS Code.

### Debugging

Add-in can be debugged by the following techniques:

* [Use a browser's developer tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-in-office-online)
* [Attach a debugger from the task pane](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane)
* [Use F12 developer tools on Windows 10](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-f12-developer-tools-on-windows-10)
